feat(js): Add `beforeSendTransaction` option (#5814)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/data-management/sensitive-data/index.mdx

## Scrubbing Data

> SDKs provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> hook, which is invoked before an error or message event is sent and can be used to modify event data to remove sensitive information. (Some SDKs also provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> hook which does the same thing for transactions.) Using <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> and <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> in the SDKs to **scrub any data before it is sent** is the recommended scrubbing approach, so sensitive data never leaves the local environment.

Reviewer: It's odd to introduce the idea of beforeSendTransaction hooks in a parenthetical and then follow up with a non-parenthetical that talks about them.

```suggestion
SDKs provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> hook, which is invoked before an error or message event is sent and can be used to modify event data to remove sensitive information. Some SDKs also provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> hook which does the same thing for transactions. We recommend using <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> and <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> in the SDKs to **scrub any data before it is sent**, so sensitive data never leaves the local environment.
```

> SDKs provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> hook, which is invoked before an error or message event is sent and can be used to modify event data to remove sensitive information. (Some SDKs also provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> hook which does the same thing for transactions.) Using <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> and <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> in the SDKs to **scrub any data before it is sent** is the recommended scrubbing approach, so sensitive data never leaves the local environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SDKs provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> hook, which is invoked before an error or message event is sent and can be used to modify event data to remove sensitive information. (Some SDKs also provide a <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> hook which does the same thing for transactions.) Using <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> and <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send-transaction" /> in the SDKs to **scrub any data before it is sent** is the recommended scrubbing approach to ensure that sensitive data never leaves the local environment.
```
